[IMP] Fleet: Update accidents (#13372)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/fleet/accidents.rst

When managing a fleet, accidents are inevitable. Tracking accidents is crucial for understanding
vehicle maintenance costs and identifying safe drivers.

> Odoo's **Fleet** app offers multiple ways to track accidents. Below are step-by-step instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo's **Fleet** app offers multiple ways of tracking accidents. Below are step-by-step instructions
```

> for only **one** method to monitor accidents and repair costs.

Reviewer 2: Why is it only one? 
```suggestion
for one possible method to monitor accidents and repair costs.
```

Author: I got the idea for this script when talking ot someone on the Belgium team - they say this is how WE manage our accidents, so I thought it was a good idea. So you could in theory organize this in a totally different way - example, no service types for accidents at ALL and you could just use the service type for the specific repair (like bodywork, etc), and use a tag instead for accidents (or just write it in the notes). Since this seemed like a good idea, and a unique way to use Fleet - and a unique way to track accidents (via a service type instead of logging the repairs, and marking them as accidents in another way) seemed cool. I'm not mentioning this to justify anything or the doc, but more to explain to you my logic and how I came up with this doc. SOmetimes we use Odoo in a slightly unique way, so taking to the PO's or experts can help - because I NEVER in a million years would have organized it like this, if they didn't say that's how they did it =)

> Structure

Reviewer: This structure section is helpful for explaining how things are organized in Odoo while keeping this doc short, as this is covered in other docs. Good job!

> =========

Reviewer: In line 14, let's add details on how to get to the service form (: (I had to click 2 links to figure out where to go) 

> For this use case, go to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet --> Services`, and on the :ref:`service form <link to the section you have in the services doc>`. Two :ref:`service types <fleet/new-type>` are created:

Reviewer: Can't comment but on line 17:

Slight mix-up on grammar (tense):

> This tracks various repairs associated with accidents, organized by **who was at fault**.

Let's change it to:

> This setup records repairs associated with accidents and organizes them **by fault**.

   To manage accidents, the creation of service records is **required**.

   Refer to the :doc:`service` documentation for detailed instructions on creating service records
   in Odoo's **Fleet** app.

Log accidents and repairs

> =========================

Reviewer: Line 35, i think we have an extra comma: "To log an accident and initiate the repair process,"

Reviewer: Line 41: slight rewording for parallelism (:

"recommended to keep the Notes field identical, as well as attaching …” --> "recommended to keep the Notes field identical **and attach** …"

dashboard. All service records are displayed in a :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`(List)` view,
grouped alphabetically, by :guilabel:`Service Type`.

The two service types created for accident tracking appear in the list: :guilabel:`Accident - Driver
Fault` and :guilabel:`Accident - No Fault`.

Each grouping displays the number of records within each type, and lists the individual records
beneath each grouping title.

.. example::

>    In this example, there are three accidents where the driver was at fault, and one accidents that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In this example, there are three accidents where the driver was at fault, and one accident that
```

   was not the driver's fault. This dashboard also displays the estimated total :guilabel:`Cost` for
   all the accidents in each group.

>    An estimated `$3,284.00` dollars are for driver-caused accident repairs. The no-fault accident

Reviewer 2: "are for" is vague here. Could refer to like cash set aside for the purpose, or "is for" as in "means", or what I think is actually happening, which is the estimated cost? I think directly using "cost" again could clarify.

>    has no cost associated with it, since the repair has not been completed, and no estimate exists

Reviewer 2: Salient example for what kind of repairs that might be?

Click the :guilabel:`Add` button at the bottom to add the new custom filter.

.. image:: accidents/custom-filters.png
   :alt: The filter settings to be added to only display new and running services.

This slight modification only presents services in the :guilabel:`New` and :guilabel:`Running`
stages. This is a helpful report for a company managing a high number of repairs at any given time.

To have this report appear as the default report when opening the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard,
click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(Toggle Search Panel)` icon at the far-right of the
search bar. Next, click :guilabel:`Save current search`, beneath the :icon:`fa-star`
:guilabel:`Favorites` column, which reveals another drop-down column beneath it. Tick the checkbox
beside :guilabel:`Default Filter`, then click :guilabel:`Save`. Then, this customized

> :guilabel:`Services` dashboard appears, by default, anytime the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Services` dashboard appears by default any time the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard is
```
